by 69
Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
A broken heart is all that's left
I'm still fixing all the cracks
Lost a couple of pieces when
I carried it, carried
it, carried it home
I'm afraid of all I am
My mind feels like a foreign land
Silence ringing inside my head
Please, carry me, carry
me, carry me home
I've spent all of the love I saved
We were always a losing game
Small-town boy in a big arcade
I got addicted to a losing game
Ooh, ooh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
How many pennies in the slot?
Giving us up didn't take a lot
I saw the end 'fore it begun
Still I carried, I carried, I carry on
Ooh, ooh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
Ooh, ooh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
I don't need your games, game over
Get me off this roller-coaster
Ooh, ooh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
Ooh, ooh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
by 69